README.md, before:


Ecommerce Repeat Orders
================================================================================

Add the "repeating order" functionality to
e-commerce.  For example, if someone wants to purchase
a weekly loaf of bread without having to re-enter
the order each week, the repeating order module allows
the customer to enter the order once at which time
the shop admin can execute the weekly repeat of the order.


Developers
-----------------------------------------------
Nicolaas Francken [at] sunnysideup.co.nz

Requirements
-----------------------------------------------
Ecommerce 1.0+ / SSU Branch
SilverStripe 2.4+
Payment class that allows repeating payment

Project Home
-----------------------------------------------
See http://code.google.com/p/silverstripe-ecommerce

Demo
-----------------------------------------------
See http://www.silverstripe-ecommerce.com

Installation Instructions
-----------------------------------------------
1. Find out how to add modules to SS and add module as per usual.
2. Review configs and add entries to mysite/_config/config.yml
(or similar) as necessary.
In the _config/ folder of this module
you should to find some examples of config options (if any).

Commit message:

MOVING README files to README.md
git-svn-id: https://silverstripe-ecommerce.googlecode.com/svn/modules/ecommerce_repeatorders/trunk@4912 950b781c-c544-efab-2f99-90083ee69683

README.md, after:


Ecommerce Repeat Orders
================================================================================

Add the "repeating order" functionality to
e-commerce.  For example, if someone wants to purchase
a weekly loaf of bread without having to re-enter
the order each week, the repeating order module allows
the customer to enter the order once at which time
the shop admin can execute the weekly repeat of the order.


Developers
-----------------------------------------------
Nicolaas Francken [at] sunnysideup.co.nz


Documentation
-----------------------------------------------
Please contact author for more details.

Any bug reports and/or feature requests will be
looked at

We are also very happy to provide personalised support
for this module in exchange for a small donation.


Requirements
-----------------------------------------------
see composer.json


Project Home
-----------------------------------------------
See http://code.google.com/p/silverstripe-ecommerce

Demo
-----------------------------------------------
See http://www.silverstripe-ecommerce.com


Installation Instructions
-----------------------------------------------

1. Find out how to add modules to SS and add module as per usual.

2. Review configs and add entries to mysite/_config/config.yml
(or similar) as necessary.
In the _config/ folder of this module
you should to find some examples of config options (if any).
